Welcome back.
Now that we have our running function doing fantastic work for us it's time to finalize our app and
add our badge next to our number.
Let's go back to our front and we don't have to worry about our lambda function because we know it's
running.
Amazon's taking care of it for us.
Thank you Amazon and we can get back to doing some coding now.
And here I want to add a new state that is the emoji state I could added to the app.
Yes but the emoji is not an important state and it should only be handled by rank anyway.
So let's change this into a stateful component going to say class rank extends re-act dot component
and we're going to get rid of this for now.
Move everything what we don't need either and move everything inside.
And make sure that we do the render function here.
And wrap it nicely.
So now that we have the class component we can start using the start state by adding the constructor
and in here again calling Super which is default and then this dot state is going to e called the emoji
which is going to just be blank to start off with.
Now any here.
Let's say when component mounts let's do component did mount.
So that is when the user initially sees this.
Let's have our generate And Moji function.
So we haven't made this here but I will say that we have a generate emoji that accepts the this dot
prop's dot entries.
Because that's what's going to give us the information of the rank.
And again because we are using now the class structure we have to make sure that these things are named
properly with this dot props dot entries.
Let's save this and do a few more things.
Let's create the generate emoji method the generate in Moji method is going to take a count or entries.
And what we're going to do here is do a fast call to our lambda function.
We're going to copy and paste whatever we had which was the end point that we got from our deployment
through server less.
And we want to make sure that we add at the end here the query string parameters Jonge Under do Templi
strings.
Remember special quotes here so that we can use the questionmark than dollar saw or a question mark
rank to equal the dollar sign.
Entry's
and now we're doing a Gabb request and we can simply say then we want to get a response.
And remember with a feature request we have to make sure that we do the response to our Jason.
And then finally do the get the data.
And with this data which is hopefully the emoji will do this thought set.
State that will have the emoji being updated with the data dot input because remember when we go back
to our function we're doing body with an input and the input is coming with the rank emoji.
So we're doing data at input and so just to be safe let's do a catch here saying cancel the log if there's
any errors.
Let's save this.
See if we get any errors.
We have a few things.
Let's see have a comma somewhere that shouldn't be there.
Where is that.
And that's because this has to have a semi-colon as an object.
There you go.
We're setting the state emoji from here with data input.
Let's save perfect.
And then if we scroll down let's add here the new badge.
I'm going to just copy and paste a nother diff here and right below the entries will create.
Let's make a big.
I'm going to do EF 3 or not as big make it a little smaller and I'm going to say that this is going
to equal rank badge or we have to make sure it's a string of say rank badge will be this dot props or
make sure they're using template strings here.
So we get the proper highlighting.
Let's try that again.
That's better.
Rank badge.
And then this should be this dot state.
Emoji.
All right let's save and see what happens here.
Learn to go back.
And I have a rank badge here but nothing is being displayed.
Let's have a look at the cons. And I get a bit of an error.
I get no access control allow origin Hetter is present on the request the source origin.
So we've seen this before.
Right.
This is the cores error that we've talked about in the security section.
And just to simplify things the easiest fix that we can do here we can make sure that within our handler
function we're going to add a new header.
And again this is something that for now just because we're playing around it's fine.
But you might want to adjust it.
The actual researchers say you want to get access to.
But we're going to have a access.
Whoops let's try that again.
Control allow origin Hetter And for now we're going to allow anybody to access it by using a star.
So anybody can access this lambda function when we actually deploy our service.
Our front end you might actually want to paste the used the domain that we have for now let's just leave
it a star.
Anybody can access this access control allow origin and make sure we had a column on here well that's
safe here.
And actually this should be headers and make sure that our production system is working here.
That's better.
So Access Control allow origin.
We're just going to allow anybody to access us for now point to save and let's just redeploy this.
And while that's deploying let's make sure we have everything right over here we see that we're doing
a fresh call to our rank with query parameters and trees response Jaison updating set state and make
sure we can spell generate emoji properly.
There you go.
Well let's save that.
Everything looks good.
We're still deploying over here.
All right.
We have everything deployed.
Now let's test this out.
We're going to go back and refresh and look at that.
We have our rank badge.
That is absolutely awesome.
Let's see if we can update this and get a better rank.
I'm going to just picture and let's see is this one because we've used it so many times.
Whoops.
That's all we wanted to do was just copy image address come over here paste it detect.
All right.
The face got detected the badge got up did it.
Or the entry got updated but the badge didn't because we need to make sure that our update happens and
we call the function.
So let's go back and fix this.
What we want to do here is create a lifecycle hook and this hook is going to be component did mount
and this component did mount or I should say component did update we're going to do a bit of a check
if this component updates because remember this component only updates when the emoji or when the props
change or the emoji changes.
But you see here that the generate emoji is only being called on component did amount.
So if it doesn't remount again it's not going to update.
So that's a simple fix.
Any time there is a component did update event.
I'm just going to say if previous and component did update receives previous props and previous state
and we're just going to grab previous props dot and.
If that is going to be the exact same as the stop Propst got entries.
If nothing changes in the entries Well then we don't really care just return.
No you shouldn't really update anything because well name and entries.
That's the only thing we care about.
And maybe check for the name as well.
So we'll say previous prop's dot name
and stop prop's dot name.
And then finally in here we can say if none of those change that's fine just return no.
Otherwise I want you to always when the entries change to do a this thought generate emoji with the
this dot prop's dot the new entries.
So we want to make sure that we generate that emoji and call that lambda function.
All right let's give that a go.
I'm going to go back.
All right.
Our emoji change but let's add another picture.
Hey look of that.
We've leveled up to the rocket ship.
That's awesome.
Let's click detect again and trees nine but we're getting undefined.
Why is that.
It should be giving us a rocket ship for as long as we have the entries.
So let's check that out we go to network and click detect again.
All right so that's working.
If we click again
that's a little strange.
All right everything seems to be working.
We have the rocket ship.
Everything's good.
If we go up to our profile do view profile and let's change our name to Teti save.
All right Teddy your current entry count is 15 and we have a rank badge of the wall the highest badge
that we can get.
How cool is that.
We have ourselves a fully functioning app.
Game and sign out.
And just for fun let's enter a new user I'm going to call him Bobby and he's going to be at gmail dot
com.
Password is B register.
Hey Bobby you're still a beginner.
You got to work on your entry account.
That's detect and everything is working.
Let's just try this one more time because the first and second badge kind of looks similar if I do this
again.
There you go.
The eyes changed.
Ari Moji is currently upgrading and changing.
Congratulations.
We've used Amazon Lamda.